README.md, before:

## JS-Grunt-Mocha-Parallel-Appium-iOS

This code is provided on an "AS-IS” basis without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation any implied warranties of condition, uninterrupted use, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Your tests and testing environments may require you to modify this framework. Issues regarding this framework should be submitted through GitHub. For questions regarding Sauce Labs integration, please see the Sauce Labs documentation at https://wiki.saucelabs.com/. This framework is not maintained by Sauce Labs Support.

### Environment Setup

1. Global Dependencies
    * Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
    * Or Install Node.js with [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/)
    ```
    $ brew install node
    ```
    * Install Grunt Globally
    ```
    $ npm install -g grunt-cli
    ```
2. Sauce Credentials
    * In the terminal export your Sauce Labs Credentials as environmental variables:
    ```
    $ export SAUCE_USERNAME=<your Sauce Labs username>
	$ export SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY=<your Sauce Labs access key>
    ```
3. Project Dependencies
	* Install Node modules
	```
	$ npm install
	```

### Running Tests

* Tests in Parallel:
	```
	$ grunt
	```

[Sauce Labs Dashboard](https://saucelabs.com/beta/dashboard/)

### Advice/Troubleshooting

1. There may be additional latency when using a remote webdriver to run tests on Sauce Labs. Timeouts or Waits may need to be increased.
    * [Selenium tips regarding explicit waits](https://wiki.saucelabs.com/display/DOCS/Best+Practice%3A+Use+Explicit+Waits)

### Resources
##### [Sauce Labs Documentation](https://wiki.saucelabs.com/)

##### [Appium Documentation](http://appium.io/slate/en/master/)

##### [WD.js Documentation](https://github.com/admc/wd)

##### [Node Documentation](https://nodejs.org/en/docs/)

##### [Mocha Documentation](https://mochajs.org/)

##### [Grunt Documentation](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started)

##### [Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/)
* A great resource to search for issues not explicitly covered by documentation

Commit message:

Updated package json. Changed the test app. Fixed test pass/fail update. (Was reporting pass for everything.) Added sauce-utils to handle app upload. Added desired caps to handle app uploads. added test apps to the repo.

README.md, after:

## JS-Grunt-Mocha-Parallel-Appium-iOS

This code is provided on an "AS-IS” basis without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation any implied warranties of condition, uninterrupted use, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Your tests and testing environments may require you to modify this framework. Issues regarding this framework should be submitted through GitHub. For questions regarding Sauce Labs integration, please see the Sauce Labs documentation at https://wiki.saucelabs.com/. This framework is not maintained by Sauce Labs Support.

### Environment Setup

1. Global Dependencies
    * Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
    * Or Install Node.js with [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/)
    ```
    $ brew install node
    ```
2. Sauce Credentials
    * In the terminal export your Sauce Labs Credentials as environmental variables:
    ```
    $ export SAUCE_USERNAME=<your Sauce Labs username>
	$ export SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY=<your Sauce Labs access key>
    ```
3. Project Dependencies
	* Install Node modules
	```
	$ npm install
	```
4. Test Targets
    * Simulator app: GuineaPig-sim-debug.app.zip located in <project root>/resources
    * Device app: GuineaPig-dev-debug.app.zip located in <project root>/resources
    * App names and paths are defined in ```Gruntfile.js``` and ```helpers.js``` in the ```test``` folder.

### Running Tests

* Tests in Parallel:
	```
	$ grunt
	```

[Sauce Labs Dashboard](https://saucelabs.com/beta/dashboard/)

### Advice/Troubleshooting

1. There may be additional latency when using a remote webdriver to run tests on Sauce Labs. Timeouts or Waits may need to be increased.
    * [Selenium tips regarding explicit waits](https://wiki.saucelabs.com/display/DOCS/Best+Practice%3A+Use+Explicit+Waits)

### Resources
##### [Sauce Labs Documentation](https://wiki.saucelabs.com/)

##### [Appium Documentation](http://appium.io/slate/en/master/)

##### [WD.js Documentation](https://github.com/admc/wd)

##### [Node Documentation](https://nodejs.org/en/docs/)

##### [Mocha Documentation](https://mochajs.org/)

##### [Grunt Documentation](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started)

##### [Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/)
* A great resource to search for issues not explicitly covered by documentation
